Copy editing: table (#9984)
astropy/astropy: docs/table/masking.rst

  False  True
   True False

To get the indices of masked elements, use an expression like::

  >>> t['a'].mask.nonzero()[0]  # doctest: +SKIP
  array([1])

.. EXAMPLE END

Filling
-------

> .. EXAMPLE START: Manipulating Tables with Missing Data using Filling

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. EXAMPLE START: Manipulating Tables with Missing Data by Filling Masked Values
```
